README.md, before:

# LMIS-Chrome

[![Build Status][travis-image]][travis-url] [![devDependency Status][daviddm-image]][daviddm-url]

[travis-url]: https://travis-ci.org/eHealthAfrica/LMIS-Chrome
[travis-image]: https://travis-ci.org/eHealthAfrica/LMIS-Chrome.png?branch=master
[daviddm-url]: https://david-dm.org/eHealthAfrica/LMIS-Chrome#info=devDependencies
[daviddm-image]: https://david-dm.org/eHealthAfrica/LMIS-Chrome/dev-status.png?theme=shields.io

> LMIS Chrome packaged app

## Usage

0. Install [Chrome][] [Node.js][] and [Git][]
1. `npm install -g karma grunt-cli bower`
2. `git clone https://github.com/eHealthAfrica/LMIS-Chrome.git`
3. `cd LMIS-Chrome && npm install; bower install`
4. `grunt serve`
5. Launch Chrome and browse to [chrome://extensions][]
6. Check "Developer Mode"
7. Click "Load unpacked extension…" and select `/path/to/LMIS-Chrome/app`
8. Under the "LMIS Chrome" extension, click "Launch"

[Chrome]: https://www.google.com/intl/en/chrome/
[Node.js]: http://nodejs.org
[Git]: http://git-scm.com
[chrome://extensions]: chrome://extensions

## Testing

1. `grunt test`

## Author

© 2014 [eHealth Systems Africa](http://ehealthafrica.org)

Commit message:

Add a test watcher task, closes #195
The [preferred method][1] (via Grunt watch) runs extremely slow ([~8
seconds][2]), perhaps related to [karma-runner/grunt-karma#63][3].

Therefore, call Karma directly and add an `npm script` for convenience:

    $ npm run-script test-watch

[1]: https://github.com/karma-runner/grunt-karma#karma-server-with-grunt-watch
[2]: https://gist.github.com/tlvince/9249572#file-gistfile1-txt
[3]: https://github.com/karma-runner/grunt-karma/issues/63

README.md, after:

# LMIS-Chrome

[![Build Status][travis-image]][travis-url] [![devDependency Status][daviddm-image]][daviddm-url]

[travis-url]: https://travis-ci.org/eHealthAfrica/LMIS-Chrome
[travis-image]: https://travis-ci.org/eHealthAfrica/LMIS-Chrome.png?branch=master
[daviddm-url]: https://david-dm.org/eHealthAfrica/LMIS-Chrome#info=devDependencies
[daviddm-image]: https://david-dm.org/eHealthAfrica/LMIS-Chrome/dev-status.png?theme=shields.io

> LMIS Chrome packaged app

## Usage

0. Install [Chrome][] [Node.js][] and [Git][]
1. `npm install -g karma grunt-cli bower`
2. `git clone https://github.com/eHealthAfrica/LMIS-Chrome.git`
3. `cd LMIS-Chrome && npm install; bower install`
4. `grunt serve`
5. Launch Chrome and browse to [chrome://extensions][]
6. Check "Developer Mode"
7. Click "Load unpacked extension…" and select `/path/to/LMIS-Chrome/app`
8. Under the "LMIS Chrome" extension, click "Launch"

[Chrome]: https://www.google.com/intl/en/chrome/
[Node.js]: http://nodejs.org
[Git]: http://git-scm.com
[chrome://extensions]: chrome://extensions

## Testing

Use `npm test` for the complete test suite. During development, `npm run-script
test-watch` is useful to automatically re-run the tests when a file changes.

## Author

© 2014 [eHealth Systems Africa](http://ehealthafrica.org)
